h1. Jekyll Data Pages Generator

Jekyll allows data to be specified in YAML or JSON format in the @_data@ dir.

This generator allows one to specify data directories for which we want to generate one page per data file.

h2. Installation

Download @data_page_generator.rb@ and put it in the @_plugins@ directory of your website.

h2. Usage

* Specify in @_config.yml@ the data directory for which you want individual pages to be generated.
* Launch Jekyll

The specification in config.yml is as follows:

<pre>
data_gen:
  template: <<name of the template to use to generate the page>>
  path: <<directory where to search for data files>>
  dir: <<directory in which files are to be generated>>
</pre>

where:

- @template@ := is the name of a template to generate the pages (it defaults to the value of @data@ + ".html"). Optional: if not set, the generator uses @data_page.html@.
- @path@ := the folder inside @_data/@ where to search for files (yml or json).
- @dir@ := is the directory where pages are generated (it defaults to @data/@).

A liquid tag is also made available to generate a link to a given page.  For instance:

<pre>
   {{ page_name | datapage_url: dir }}
</pre>
 
generates a link to @page_name@ in @dir@.

h2. Named Folders

By default the plugin generates one @index.html@ filename inside a named directory per data file.

h2. Compatibility

Tested with Jekyll 3.6.0, it should also work with other versions of Jekyll.

h2. Author

Original plugin by Adolfo Villafiorita. Modifications by David Charte.

h2. Known Bugs

No known bugs; unknown number of unknown bugs.

h2. License

Distributed under the terms of the "MIT License":http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
